---
layout: talk
title: James Powell
description: 
---

You've already seen the about six of these. They were kind of boring. You
probably fell asleep halfway through number 5. Why is anyone still making this
content? What new ground is there to cover?

This talk will cover fundamental conceptualizations and approaches to writing
fast systems in Python, while critiquing how this topic has been covered in
past. It will show limitations of measurement mechanisms, conceptual
limitations of the "static view" of software development, and it will show
problems with non-structural micro-optimizations. It will suggest intuitions
and structural approaches that lead to high performance systems in practice, as
well as intuitions that can guide this development from within a more cohesive
and coherent framework of understanding of the software development process.

Speaker Bio: 
James Powell is a professional Python programmer and enthusiast.
He started working with Python in the finance industry building reporting and
analysis systems for prop trading front offices. He currently works as a
consultant building data engineering and scientific computing platforms for a
wide range of clients using cutting-edge open source tools like Python and
React.  He also currently serves as a Board Director, Co-Chair, and Vice
President at NumFOCUS, the 501(c)3 non-profit that supports all the major tools
in the Python data analysis ecosystem (incl. pandas, numpy, jupyter,
matplotlib, and others). At NumFOCUS, he helps build global open source
communities for data scientists, data engineers, and business analysts. He
helps NumFOCUS run the PyData conference series and has sat on speaker
selection and organizing committees for eighteen conferences. James is also a
prolific speaker: since 2013, he has given over seventy conference talks at
over fifty Python events worldwide.
