---
layout: post
title: FAQ
description: PyData Global
category: [homepage]
published: True
---

# I'd like to sponsor the event, what are the options?

Reach out to <a href="mailto:global@pydata.org">global@pydata.org</a> if you're
interested in sponsoring our event. We have opportunities to sponsor including
bulk ticket sales and NumFOCUS corporate sponsorships.

# Will the sessions be recorded?

Yes! The sessions will be recorded and recordings will be made available to
attendees throughout the event. Details on the talks and tutorials being
available to the public will come soon.

# What platform will you use for this event?

We are yet to announce specific technologies for the event.

# Will you charge for the event?

Yes.

# Why charge attendees for a virtual event?

[NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org) is the non-profit organization that
fiscally sponsors [33 Open Source
Projects](https://numfocus.org/sponsored-projects) and organizes
community-driven educational programs for users and developers of open source
scientific tools.  Donations from PyData conferences account for a significant
portion of our annual operating budget and enable us to continue giving back to
the open source community. 

While there are no costs this year for a venue or catering, there are still
costs associated with bringing the event online.  We also need to continue
paying fixed costs to keep NumFOCUS healthy so we can keep PyData alive, as
well as continue supporting the open source community.

We hope you understand the difficult situation we are currently in and can
support us during this time so that we can keep supporting you in the future.
