pages/tickets.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Tickets
---

# Tickets

### [Click here to go directly to ticket sales](#pricing-and-ticket-purchases)

### Why charge for an online conference?

[NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org) is the non-profit organization that
fiscally sponsors [33 Open Source
Projects](https://numfocus.org/sponsored-projects) and organizes
community-driven educational programs for users and developers of open source
scientific tools, including PyData. Donations from PyData conferences account
for a significant portion of our annual operating budget and enable us to
continue giving back to the open source community. 

While PyData Global has no costs for venue or catering, there are still costs
associated with bringing the event online. We also need to continue paying
fixed costs to keep NumFOCUS healthy so we can keep PyData alive, as well as
continue supporting the open source community.

For this reason, we have chosen to sell tickets with a pay-what-you-can pricing
model for individuals and a fixed rate for corporations. We hope you understand
the difficult situation we are currently in and can support us during this time
so that we can keep supporting you in the future.

### I can't afford to pay for a ticket. Do I have any options?

Scholarships will be granted to a limited number of attendees from
underrepresented backgrounds in our community, based on an application. Beyond
a ticket fee waiver, scholars will have special access to select conference
sessions and opportunities designed to enrich their experience. Subscribe to 
[our newsletter](https://tinyletter.com/PyDataGlobal) to receive a notification
when applications are open.

### Pricing and ticket purchases

Please answer the questions below to see prices and buy your ticket.

{% include tickets.html %}

Commit message:

Added diversity scholarship application form.

pages/tickets.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Tickets
---

# Tickets

### [Click here to go directly to ticket sales](#pricing-and-ticket-purchases)

### Why charge for an online conference?

[NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org) is the non-profit organization that
fiscally sponsors [33 Open Source
Projects](https://numfocus.org/sponsored-projects) and organizes
community-driven educational programs for users and developers of open source
scientific tools, including PyData. Donations from PyData conferences account
for a significant portion of our annual operating budget and enable us to
continue giving back to the open source community. 

While PyData Global has no costs for venue or catering, there are still costs
associated with bringing the event online. We also need to continue paying
fixed costs to keep NumFOCUS healthy so we can keep PyData alive, as well as
continue supporting the open source community.

For this reason, we have chosen to sell tickets with a pay-what-you-can pricing
model for individuals and a fixed rate for corporations. We hope you understand
the difficult situation we are currently in and can support us during this time
so that we can keep supporting you in the future.

### I can't afford to pay for a ticket. Do I have any options?

Scholarships will be granted to a limited number of attendees from
underrepresented backgrounds in our community, based on an application. Beyond
a ticket fee waiver, scholars will have special access to select conference
sessions and opportunities designed to enrich their experience.

To apply for a scholarship, please fill out [the
application form](https://forms.gle/gggUk7Z9rxEoRXk18).

### Pricing and ticket purchases

Please answer the questions below to see prices and buy your ticket.

{% include tickets.html %}
