---
layout: talk
title: "Solving large-scale inverse problems in Python with PyLops"
kind: "Tutorial"
speakers: "Matteo Ravasi, Ivan Vasconcelos and David Vargas"
---

# Solving large-scale inverse problems in Python with PyLops

Inverse problems are at the core of many scientific disciplines. When working with large data and/or model vectors, an explicit matrix representation of the problem becomes unfeasible. In this tutorial we present PyLops, an open-source Python library that uses linear operators to solve matrix-free inverse problems. Examples of image deblurring and CT reconstruction will be presented as use cases.

## Speakers

### Matteo Ravasi

I am a geophysicist with a formal education in Telecommunication Engineering and strong background in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, and Computer Science. I enjoy tackling the entire life-cycle of complex scientific problems from developing new theoretical formulations and implementing numerical solutions, to creating user-friendly software libraries and front-end interfaces.

My expertise includes model- and data-driven inverse problems, statistical signal processing, wave propagation, uncertainty analysis, seismic imaging, quantitative interpretation, 4D seismic, multicomponent acquisition and processing, and numerical modelling. I am also a keen open-source contributor and I am currently involved in the development of several Python libraries such as PyLops and spgl1.

### Ivan Vasconcelos

I am an Assistant Professor of Applied Geoscience at Utrecht University. My research interests broadly revolve around wave & diffusion phenomena, inverse problems and imaging science. Together with a talented team, we work on seismic and radar imaging for Earth and planetary studies, experimental rock & wave physics, material science in imaging problems, and connections between geophysical and medical imaging. 

Our work focuses on theoretical and experimental fundamentals - but we have a strong belief in developing robust, reproducible, user-friendly and ready-to-use open-source software. We are users, developers and contributors of the Pylops package, and currently working toward a new package for Material Science applications.  Our door is *always* open to collaborations on software for research, applications, teaching or just fun.

### David Vargas


