---
layout: talk
title: "Geometric and statistical methods in systems biology: the case of metabolic networks"
kind: "Talk"
speakers: "Haris Zafeiropoulos and Apostolos Chalkis"
---

Sampling the solution space of metabolic networks is a powerful, however computationally challenging, approach for interpreting the underlying mechanisms that govern the biological processes. *Volestipy* is a Python library that addresses this challenge by providing a variety of computational tools that scale to high dimensions.

## Speakers

### Haris Zafeiropoulos

I am a Bioinformatician and a PhD candidate in University of Crete focusing on deciphering the underlying mechanisms of ecosystem functioning.
In the framework of my dissertation, two main approaches are held: 
* data integration methods: to extract associations between different organisms, environments and environmental types, from 'omics data and metadata.
* metabolic networks analysis: in an attempt to infer microbial interactions 

As a biologist, my research interests focus on microbial ecology and ecosystem functioning at the microbial dimension. 
However, as computer science and mathematics could not be just a means to an end, I am also an ethousiast of the geometrical features of convex bodies.

### Apostolos Chalkis

Apostolos is a PhD student in Computer Science at the Department of Telecommunications and Informatics in National Kapodistrian University of Athens. His scientific and research interests are:

- Markov chains for sampling from high dimensional multivariate distributions.
- Volume estimation of convex and non-convex bodies in high dimensions.
- Crises detection and portfolio performance evaluation in big stock markets.
- Randomized methods for convex optimization.
- Optimized implementation of state-of-the-art geometric algorithms.
