---
layout: talk
title: "From 0 to Virtual Assistant (now with Human Handoff!)"
kind: "Tutorial"
speakers: "Karen Palacio, Florencia Alonso and Brandon Janes"
---

# From 0 to Virtual Assistant (now with Human Handoff!)

Learn how to build a virtual assitant using Rasa, a Python framework, and how to connect it to Slack in order to facilitate human handoff. You'll get an introduction to Rasa; its components and workflow, in order to get a hands on experience. Through API connection and webhook interaction, your imagination is the limit for virtual assistants implementation potential!

## Speakers

### Karen Palacio

Karen is an Argentinian developer. She's from Córdoba.

She admires abstractions' power and how everything flows from the inside out, in a feedback loop. Connecting with the different layers of latent abstractions we are guided to the possible implementations in the most natural/joyous of ways!

Karen has a mixed background, having studied both Computer Science and Visual Arts at college. She's currently starting her journey through the Data Science field thanks to [UNC's Data Science master program](http://diplodatos.famaf.unc.edu.ar/). She also currently works at Kunan's AI area, where she does mostly python stuff and some UI/frontend. 

Karen is Free Software advocate, and does a lot of proselytizing locally; contribuiting to FOSS projects, and organizing and attending FOSS events. In her free time she explores digital arts + creative coding: to her programming can be more than feeding a money machine. You could say she is a computer hippie and that hacking is a way of being.

### Florencia Alonso

Florencia is a biomedical engineering advanced student. Passionate about software development and artificial intelligence, she is currently working with virtual assistants.

### Brandon Janes

Freedom of information journalist-turned data scientist, Brandon is interested in bringing data to life through machine learning with Python. The focus of his work is building dialogue systems with state-of-the-art NLP tools, such as Rasa. As a writer he is interested in promoting Free and Open-Source Software for machine learning. Originally from Austin, Texas he currently lives in Córdoba, Argentina.
