---
layout: talk
title: "Indian Sign Language Recognition(ISLAR)"
kind: "Short talk"
speakers: "Akshay Bahadur"
---

India is a diverse country with regional diversification in spoken languages and scripts that are well known and widely documented, apparently, this has percolated in sign language as well, essentially resulting in multiple sign languages across the country. To help overcome these inconsistencies and to standardize sign language, I have developed an Indian Sign Language Recognition System (ISLAR).

## Speaker

### Akshay Bahadur

Akshay Bahadur’s interest in computer science sparked when he was working on a women's safety application aimed towards the women's welfare in India and since then he has been incessantly tackling social issues in India through technology. He is currently working alongside Google to make an Indian sign language recognition system (ISLAR) specifically aimed at running on low resource environments for developing countries. His ambition is to make valuable contributions towards the ML community and leave a message of perseverance and tenacity. 

He’s one out of 8 Google Developers Expert (Machine Learning) from India along with being one of 150 members worldwide for the Intel Software Innovator program.

#### Achievements

- Invited by Google to present my research on ISLAR (Indian Sign Language) at Google headquarters in California.
- Received "The Most Influential Young Data Scientist of the Year 2019" by The International Society of Data Scientists for my contributions in the field of Machine Learning.
- Tutorial acceptance at the IEEE Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV 2020) - “Minimizing CPU utilization for Deep Networks”.
- Delegate at the 2020 Harvard College Conference in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.
- Awarded Top Innovator Award (2019) by Intel.
- Contributed to Google’s open-source project (Quick, Draw) and NVIDIA’s open source project (Autopilot).
- Presented my work along with the Google TensorFlow team at TensorFlow Roadshow (Bangalore).
