---
layout: talk
title: "Scalable cross-filtering dashboards with Panel, HoloViews and hvPlot"
kind: "Talk"
speakers: "Philipp Rudiger and James A. Bednar"
external_url: "https://courses.numfocus.org/courses/course-v1:PyDataGlobal+PDG20-talks+2020/jump_to/block-v1:PyDataGlobal+PDG20-talks+2020+type@vertical+block@7c30d5d9b58344b0a68bc841de86eef3"
---

Introducing automatic linked selection and cross filtering tools for HoloViews, GeoViews, and hvPlot supporting the concise and convenient .plot() interface in Pandas or Xarray along with custom widgets from Panel, allowing data scientists to create even complex dashboards relating values across each of the dimensions without having to program with callbacks or other advanced mechanisms.

## Speakers

### Philipp Rudiger

Philipp Rudiger is a Software Engineer at Anaconda, Inc. developing open-source and client-specific solutions for data management, visualization and analysis. He is the author of the open source dashboarding and visualization libraries Panel, hvPlot and GeoViews and one of the core developers and maintainers of Bokeh, Datashader, and HoloViews. He has a strong background in the Python data science stack with experience in visualization, ML and numerical analysis. Before making the switch to software development he completed his PhD and Masters in Computational Neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh working on biologically inspired, deep and recurrent neural network models of the mammalian visual system.

### James A. Bednar

Dr. James A. Bednar is the Senior Manager of Technical Services at Anaconda, Inc., and was a faculty member in the School of Informatics at the University of Edinburgh from 2003 to 2015. At Anaconda, Jim is the project lead of a variety of open-source packages under the [HoloViz.org](http://holoviz.org) banner, including HoloViews, GeoViews, hvPlot, Datashader, Panel, and Colorcet.
