---
layout: talk
title: "Multi-Label Classification with Human Rights Data"
kind: "Keynote"
speakers: "Megan Price, PhD and Maria Gargiulo"
external_url: "https://courses.numfocus.org/courses/course-v1:PyDataGlobal+PDG20-talks+2020/courseware/d427d4650f1c4ffda9eb184a922f3dce/bf939add85fa49a9a98da2fcbecfdac9/2?activate_block_id=block-v1%3APyDataGlobal%2BPDG20-talks%2B2020%2Btype%40vertical%2Bblock%401805d3774e75485d83878bc2d8eb2f47"
---

The Human Rights Data Analysis Group (HRDAG) uses methods from statistics and computer science to help study questions about mass violence using incomplete and unrepresentative datasets. This talk will present the context in which HRDAG works and how open-source tools are crucial to their analytical projects.

## Speakers

### Megan Price, PhD

As the Executive Director of the Human Rights Data Analysis Group, Megan Price drives the organization’s overarching strategy, leads scientific projects, and presents HRDAG’s work to diverse audiences. Her scientific work includes analyzing documents from the National Police Archive in Guatemala and contributing analyses submitted as evidence in multiple court cases in Guatemala. Her work in Syria includes collaborating with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner of Human Rights (OHCHR) and Amnesty International on several analyses of conflict-related deaths in that country. She has also contributed to analyses of “risk assessment” models used to make recommendations about pre-trial supervision in the United States.

Megan earned her doctorate in biostatistics and a Certificate in Human Rights from the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University. She also holds a master of science degree and bachelor of science degree in Statistics from Case Western Reserve University.

You can find her on Twitter @StatMegan

### Maria Gargiulo

Maria Gargiulo is a statistician at the Human Rights Data Analysis Group, where she works on record linkage, population size estimation, and uncertainty representation in a variety of international contexts. Before joining HRDAG, Maria conducted field research on intimate partner violence in Nicaragua. She also served as a Data Science Fellow at the United States Census Bureau. Maria holds a Bachelor of Science in statistics and data science and Spanish literature from Yale University.

You can find her on Twitter @thegargiulian
